Cluster 1:
The virus outbreak has killed 132 people and infected more than 6,000 people in the Chinese mainland and abroad.
The federal disease control agency said it was evaluating 110 people for the new coronavirus in the U.S. China is making increasingly drastic efforts to stop the spread of the virus, which has killed at least 80 and sickened more than 2,700.
Measles has killed nearly three times as many people in Congo than an Ebola outbreak in the country that has garnered far more international attention.
“We must all act together now to limit further spread,” said the WHO's director-general of the virus that has already spread to 18 countries outside China.
China’s manufacturing has taken a hit in recent weeks as the country has halted some transportation and quarantined residents to contain the virus.
The virus’ rapid spread in two months prompted the World Health Organization to declare it a global emergency.
On the eve of the Lunar New Year, transportation was shut down in at least 10 cities with a total of about 33 million people as China fights the coronavirus.
A 61-year-old man contracted the virus during a two-week work trip to Italy, according to Brazil's health ministry.
As the virus outbreak saps financial markets, businesspeople around the world worried about the threats to their livelihoods.
The report found that 2,214 people have been killed, most of them Afghans, in largely U.S.-led projects to rebuild the country.
The plane crash killed all 176 people on board, mostly Iranians and Iranian-Canadians.
Some airports, including three in the U.S., have begun screening airline passengers from central China, where the coronavirus appears to have originated.
At least 60 people in Indonesia’s capital have been killed in floods after the biggest rainfall since records began.
The decision follows three Chinese cities being placed on lockdown in order to prevent the virus from spreading.
The virus that originated in Wuhan is dimming Lunar New Years celebrations across China.
The World Health Organization has designated the virus "Covid-19."

Cluster 2:
Iran released a new preliminary report on the crash of the Ukraine International Airways plane, which killed 176 people.
Iran's state-run media said the crash is suspected to have been caused by mechanical issues.
Iran initially denied that a missile downed the Ukrainian airliner for days.
Ukrainian investigators are also assisting in the probe of the disaster that killed 176 people.
After Trump ordered the death of the senior Iranian general, thousands demonstrated in Tehran and across the region.
No U.S. casualties or evacuations were reported after the attack Tuesday by dozens of Iran-supported militiamen.

Cluster 3:
Soleimani’s replacement vowed revenge for the general killed by a U.S. airstrike in Baghdad as Tehran abandoned the remaining limits of its 2015 nuclear deal.
For Iranians, Soleimani represented a figure of national resilience in the face of four decades of U.S. pressure.
His death is a potential turning point in the Middle East and is expected to draw severe retaliation from Iran.
“This is state terrorism,” Zarif said of the killing of Qassem Soleimani, commander of Iran's Revolutionary Guard’s Quds Force.
The vote comes two days after a U.S. airstrike killed Iranian Gen. Qassem Soleimani inside Iraq, dramatically increasing regional tensions.
Iran's belated admission of blame has squandered the national unity seen after Qassem Soleimani's assassination.

Cluster 4:
The United States military originally said no service members had been hurt in Iran's Jan. 8 missile attack on the al-Asad and Erbil military bases in Iraq.
No casualties have been reported from the sites of the rocket attacks.
Thousands marched through Baghdad on Saturday for Iran’s top general, who was killed in a U.S. airstrike.

Cluster 5:
Earlier in the day, Lebanese security forces fired tear gas to disperse thousands of demonstrators near the parliament building in Beirut.
Protests against the country's ruling elite have erupted in Beirut following the massive blast in a Beirut Port warehouse.
Activists in Lebanon blame politicians' corruption and negligence for the blast that killed nearly 160 and left thousands injured.

Cluster 6:
The marches have attracted a mixed crowd of civil rights activists and people who oppose vaccinations, as well as neo-Nazis and members of the far-right.
From Tampa to San Francisco, protesters marched the streets chanting anti-war slogans.
The activist urged her supporters to "find new ways to create public awareness & advocate for change that don’t involve too big crowds."

Cluster 7:
“We have launched a people’s war of prevention of the epidemic," President Xi Jinping said.
Cases of the infectious respiratory disease have been reported in China, the U.S., Thailand, Japan, Taiwan and South Korea.

Cluster 8:
Health authorities fear the transmission rate will accelerate as hundreds of millions of Chinese travel for the Lunar New Year holidays.
China has put Wuhan, a city of 11 million people, on virtual lockdown.

Cluster 9:
The British prime minister, who was infected earlier this year, does not currently have symptoms and will keep working from Downing Street, his office said.
The patient was an 80-year-old Chinese tourist who authorities say was initially turned away from two French hospitals when he first fell ill.

Cluster 10:
Iranian state TV carried a statement by Khamenei also calling Gen. Qassem Soleimani “the international face of resistance.”
The alert issued on the websites of the U.S. State Department and the U.S. embassy in Israel did not specifically mention the killing of Qassem Soleimani.

Cluster 11:
Hundreds of anti-government demonstrators flooded the streets of Baghdad and Iraq's southern provinces on Sunday.
Iraqi Prime Minister Adel Abdul Mahdi recommended ousting the troops after Trump authorized the assassination of the Iranian commander in Baghdad.

Cluster 12:
More than 100 soldiers have been diagnosed with traumatic brain injuries in the wake of the Jan. 8 missile attack.
This marks the first known case of the disease in the American military.

Cluster 13:
The U.S. said Tuesday that it had begun its “conditions-based reduction of forces" in the country as part of its February peace deal signed with the Taliban.
The peace agreement, to be signed on Feb. 29, will pave the way for a withdrawal of U.S. troops and intra-Afghan negotiations.

Cluster 14:
Early exit polls show Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu holds a solid edge over his main rival in Israel’s third election in under a year.
Early exit polls show Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu holds a solid edge over his main rival in Israel’s third election in under a year.

Cluster 15:
Amid the growing COVID-19 outbreak, Catholic churches in Italy and the Philippines took steps to protect the faithful.
The rapid rise in new cases are largely being traced back to church services.

Cluster 16:
Gunman killed his commanding officer then launched attack on shoppers, officials said.
Armed with an assault-style weapon, the shooter holed up at the mall as police evacuated the building.

Cluster 17:
On the eve of one of the most significant events in EU history, the political eruptions have ceased and an uneasy quiet reigns.
Officials have warned the volcano, which began erupting on Sunday, could be on the cusp of a much bigger and more dangerous eruption.

Cluster 18:
As scores of koalas battle to recover from Australia's destructive fires, hopeful stories of survivors are emerging.
The moment was captured on Kangaroo Island, which one shaken rescuer said has "bodies of charred animals as far as the eye can see.”

Cluster 19:
It's the second time since March that someone living in the Santa Marta residence has tested positive for the coronavirus.

Cluster 20:
Pro-Iran protesters gathered outside the U.S. embassy on Wednesday, setting parts of the compound on fire, a day after demonstrators broke into the property.

Cluster 21:
“We are faced with a watershed moment in the case of the coronavirus,” South Korea's president said earlier this month.

Cluster 22:
One person has survived after a Ukrainian military aircraft crashed coming in for a landing in Chuhuiv.

Cluster 23:
The investigation will target the Taliban, Afghan forces and U.S. military and intelligence personnel.

Cluster 24:
The semiautonomous territory reported its first coronavirus death this week.

Cluster 25:
The U.N. is calling for an “immediate investigation” by the United States into the incident.

Cluster 26:
Construction crews worked around the clock to build the 1,000-bed hospital in Wuhan, the central city where the outbreak was first detected in December.

Cluster 27:
The cause of the sudden collapse was under investigation, officials said.

Cluster 28:
The request comes after Iraqi lawmakers passed a non-binding resolution to oust U.S. troops following a strike that killed top Iranian general Qassem Soleimani.

Cluster 29:
The 27-nation bloc began administering the first doses to doctors, nurses and the elderly on Sunday.

Cluster 30:
The pontiff urged world leaders to “promote cooperation and not competition, and to search for a solution for all.”

Cluster 31:
Police said they shot at the shark after seeing it linger along the shoreline for almost a half-hour after the attack.

Cluster 32:
A half century after Hafez Assad launched a bloodless coup in Syria, his family still rules the country.

Cluster 33:
An overnight curfew was ordered Sunday in hopes of stemming a resurgence in coronavirus infections.

Cluster 34:
The World Health Organization warned intensive care units in a number of European cities could reach maximum capacity in the coming weeks.

Cluster 35:
Navid Afkari was accused of killing a man at a protest against the country's Shiite theocracy in 2018.

Cluster 36:
A police official said the attacks appeared to be linked but were not "terror-related."

Cluster 37:
Her Majesty has shown up virtually in video calls and pictures.

Cluster 38:
But the pandemic is still keeping her away from in-person events.

Cluster 39:
Major flooding and widespread power outages have hit the coastal city of Karachi as authorities scramble to evacuate residents.

Cluster 40:
The Kremlin critic was sent to Germany while in a coma after drinking what his allies believe was poisoned tea.

Cluster 41:
Jahane Sanat had published an interview with an epidemiologist who said Iran's official COVID-19 figures account for only 5% of the real toll.

Cluster 42:
This the second fire incident at a COVID-19 facility in India this month.

Cluster 43:
“It was irresponsible behavior on my part," the man admitted of the incident, which was caught on a surveillance camera at a museum in Italy.

Cluster 44:
Demonstrators in Germany declared that "the end of the pandemic" is here.

Cluster 45:
A Russian military intelligence unit linked to assassination attempts in Europe had reportedly offered rewards for successful attacks on U.S. troops last year.

Cluster 46:
The British prime minister and his fiancee Carrie Symonds welcomed Wilfred Lawrie Nicholas Johnson to their family last month.

Cluster 47:
Johnson, who earlier this month spent three nights in intensive care after contracting the coronavirus, plans to head back to work on Monday.

Cluster 48:
The president of the National Police Federation union said a police officer was among those killed and another was injured.

Cluster 49:
Ten African countries have no ventilators at all, and necessities like oxygen and masks — and even soap and water — are scarce across the continent.

Cluster 50:
President Jair Bolsonaro, a close Trump ally, says the media is exaggerating the outbreak, even as it reaches members of his government.

Cluster 51:
Israeli nationals and foreigners traveling to the country will be forbidden from going outside for 14 days.

Cluster 52:
The island kingdom said Sunday that their Formula One race this month would be held behind closed doors "to preserve the safety" of citizens and racing fans.

Cluster 53:
Dozens of people were trapped in the rubble as rescuers with flashlights attempted to find them.

Cluster 54:
An addition to the draft resolution was sought to ensure that women's rights are protected in the deal.

Cluster 55:
He brokered a historic ceasefire between Iran and Iraq in 1988 and helped to re-establish democracy in his Peruvian homeland.

Cluster 56:
Museum officials reopened the Paris institution after unionized workers agreed to new safety measures.

Cluster 57:
Panic buying and hoarding are causing short supplies of masks and other protective equipment, putting health care workers' lives at risk.

Cluster 58:
A U.S. Forces spokesman said the strike was in defense of an Afghan National Security Forces checkpoint.

Cluster 59:
The country has been heavily criticized for its program of detaining Uighur Muslims and other ethnic minorities in "reeducation" camps.

Cluster 60:
President Ashraf Ghani's comments pointed to the first hitch in implementing the fragile U.S.-Taliban peace deal.

Cluster 61:
Trump, meanwhile, denounced criticism of his response to the threat as a “hoax” cooked up by his political enemies.

Cluster 62:
The 9-year-old's family has asked for the donations to go instead to organizations that help Indigenous youth and people with dwarfism.

Cluster 63:
Over 6 million Muslims traveled to Saudi Arabia for the Umrah pilgrimage in 2017.

Cluster 64:
The government’s attempt to recapture opposition stronghold Idlib has triggered a humanitarian catastrophe and the war’s largest single wave of displacement.

Cluster 65:
While violence between Hindu mobs and Muslims protesting a citizenship law gripped New Delhi, Prime Minister Modi hosted a lavish reception for Trump.

Cluster 66:
The autocrat ruled Egypt for nearly three decades until explosive protests drove him out of power in 2011.

Cluster 67:
The Japanese man credited smiling to his longevity.

Cluster 68:
The suspect and his mother were also found dead at home after the shootings at two hookah bars in the western German city of Hanau.

Cluster 69:
A Japanese man and woman in their 80s, both of whom had underlying health conditions, have died after contracting COVID-19, Japanese officials said.

Cluster 70:
The Cupertino, California-based company said Monday that all of its iPhone manufacturing facilities are outside Hubei province, the epicenter of the outbreak.

Cluster 71:
Braving freezing temperatures, the loincloth-clad men participated in a prosperity rite during the day-long "Hadaka Matsuri" festival.

Cluster 72:
The information offers the fullest view yet into how Chinese officials decided who to put into and let out of detention camps.

Cluster 73:
The number of reported cases has been rising more quickly after the hardest-hit province changed its method of counting them Thursday.

Cluster 74:
The country also illicitly imported refined petroleum and exported some $370 million worth of coal, according to the report.

Cluster 75:
Sudan's transitional authorities have agreed to surrender all those wanted in connection with the Darfur conflict.

Cluster 76:
China had reportedly ignored offers of help from the World Health Organization and the CDC until recently.

Cluster 77:
With opposition leader Juan Guaidó in Washington, the administration promised to take even harsher measures against socialist President Nicolás Maduro.

Cluster 78:
A man who traveled to the Philippines from Wuhan died on Saturday, the Philippines Department of Health confirmed.

Cluster 79:
"This is not a pleasant place to be," firefighters said, urging the public to take caution and heed evacuation advice.

Cluster 80:
The teenage climate activist has been immortalized at the Panoptikum wax museum in Hamburg, Germany.

Cluster 81:
“Does that mean I have no value as an African activist?"

Cluster 82:
she asked, after a news organization published a photo of only white activists, including Greta Thunberg.

Cluster 83:
The "million-man" march was called for by an influential Shiite cleric, though their numbers fell short of a million.

Cluster 84:
Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman allegedly personally hacked into the phone of the Washington Post owner in 2018, according to media reports.

Cluster 85:
Ousting Venezuelan leader Nicolás Maduro is Trump's dream and NSC official Mauricio Claver-Carone is eager to make it come true.

Cluster 86:
Hundreds of migrants crossed the Suchiate River into Mexico in a new test of U.S. President Donald Trump's strategy to block them from entering the country.

Cluster 87:
The clashes in Lebanon took place amid a rapidly worsening financial crisis and an ongoing impasse over the formation of a new government.

Cluster 88:
An official has been critical of foreign media’s reporting on political issues in the past.

Cluster 89:
The resignations came hours after the president proposed new constitutional amendments to boost parliament's powers.

Cluster 90:
Thousands of pounds of carrots and sweet potatoes were airdropped across New South Wales.

Cluster 91:
The sudden eruption of ash and steam forced villagers to flee en masse and shut down Manila’s international airport, offices and schools.

Cluster 92:
Taekwondo fighter Kimia Alizadeh defected from Iran, accusing its ruling regime of "injustice" by exploiting Iranian women as political tools.

Cluster 93:
Vanessa Springora's “Consent” is also being hailed by child-protection activists as a possible watershed moment for France.

Cluster 94:
French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe offered to withdraw plans to raise the age for access to full pension benefits, hoping to end nationwide labor strikes.

Cluster 95:
Friday night's "wolf moon" was snapped by stargazers around the world.

Cluster 96:
The head of the Revolutionary Guard's aerospace division said an officer mistook the passenger plane for a cruise missile.

Cluster 97:
The committee will attempt to root all political gestures out of the 2020 Games in Tokyo.

Cluster 98:
Iran has criticized Britain, France and Germany for failing to salvage the pact by shielding Tehran’s economy from U.S. sanctions, reimposed since 2018.

Cluster 99:
The Australian comedian's fundraiser for local fire services battling wildfires has set off a global chain reaction.

Cluster 100:
Al-Shabab extremists have claimed responsibility for the deadly attack at Manda Bay Airfield early Sunday.

Cluster 101:
The U.S. under the Trump administration originally violated the agreement in 2018.

Cluster 102:
Crude oil is up nearly 4% as the world waits to see how Iran will retaliate.

Cluster 103:
“Hong Kong people have showed us that ‘one country, two systems’ is definitely not feasible,” President Tsai Ing-wen said of Beijing's suggestion.

Cluster 104:
Bolsonaro used the first year of his presidency to undermine Brazil's democracy.

Cluster 105:
But he was only getting started.

Cluster 106:
Fireworks dotted the globe with New Year's celebrations in every time zone.

