Cluster 1
Soleimani’s replacement vowed revenge for the general killed by a U.S. airstrike in Baghdad as Tehran abandoned the remaining limits of its 2015 nuclear deal.
Thousands marched through Baghdad on Saturday for Iran’s top general, who was killed in a U.S. airstrike.

Cluster 2
As the virus outbreak saps financial markets, businesspeople around the world worried about the threats to their livelihoods.

Cluster 3
Israeli nationals and foreigners traveling to the country will be forbidden from going outside for 14 days.
The investigation will target the Taliban, Afghan forces and U.S. military and intelligence personnel.
A U.S. Forces spokesman said the strike was in defense of an Afghan National Security Forces checkpoint.
The peace agreement, to be signed on Feb. 29, will pave the way for a withdrawal of U.S. troops and intra-Afghan negotiations.

Cluster 4
The 9-year-old's family has asked for the donations to go instead to organizations that help Indigenous youth and people with dwarfism.
Fireworks dotted the globe with New Year's celebrations in every time zone.

Cluster 5
Dozens of people were trapped in the rubble as rescuers with flashlights attempted to find them.
The rapid rise in new cases are largely being traced back to church services.
The report found that 2,214 people have been killed, most of them Afghans, in largely U.S.-led projects to rebuild the country.
The country also illicitly imported refined petroleum and exported some $370 million worth of coal, according to the report.
On the eve of one of the most significant events in EU history, the political eruptions have ceased and an uneasy quiet reigns.
Hundreds of migrants crossed the Suchiate River into Mexico in a new test of U.S. President Donald Trump's strategy to block them from entering the country.
Measles has killed nearly three times as many people in Congo than an Ebola outbreak in the country that has garnered far more international attention.
At least 60 people in Indonesia’s capital have been killed in floods after the biggest rainfall since records began.
“Hong Kong people have showed us that ‘one country, two systems’ is definitely not feasible,” President Tsai Ing-wen said of Beijing's suggestion.

Cluster 6
While violence between Hindu mobs and Muslims protesting a citizenship law gripped New Delhi, Prime Minister Modi hosted a lavish reception for Trump.
Iraqi Prime Minister Adel Abdul Mahdi recommended ousting the troops after Trump authorized the assassination of the Iranian commander in Baghdad.
After Trump ordered the death of the senior Iranian general, thousands demonstrated in Tehran and across the region.

Cluster 7
The cause of the sudden collapse was under investigation, officials said.
Gunman killed his commanding officer then launched attack on shoppers, officials said.
The sudden eruption of ash and steam forced villagers to flee en masse and shut down Manila’s international airport, offices and schools.
The U.S. under the Trump administration originally violated the agreement in 2018.

Cluster 8
Police said they shot at the shark after seeing it linger along the shoreline for almost a half-hour after the attack.
A half century after Hafez Assad launched a bloodless coup in Syria, his family still rules the country.
The suspect and his mother were also found dead at home after the shootings at two hookah bars in the western German city of Hanau.
Armed with an assault-style weapon, the shooter holed up at the mall as police evacuated the building.
Al-Shabab extremists have claimed responsibility for the deadly attack at Manda Bay Airfield early Sunday.

Cluster 9
Iran's belated admission of blame has squandered the national unity seen after Qassem Soleimani's assassination.

Cluster 10
Her Majesty has shown up virtually in video calls and pictures.
Trump, meanwhile, denounced criticism of his response to the threat as a “hoax” cooked up by his political enemies.
The Japanese man credited smiling to his longevity.
Taekwondo fighter Kimia Alizadeh defected from Iran, accusing its ruling regime of "injustice" by exploiting Iranian women as political tools.

Cluster 11
Navid Afkari was accused of killing a man at a protest against the country's Shiite theocracy in 2018.
The "million-man" march was called for by an influential Shiite cleric, though their numbers fell short of a million.

Cluster 12
Early exit polls show Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu holds a solid edge over his main rival in Israel’s third election in under a year.
Early exit polls show Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu holds a solid edge over his main rival in Israel’s third election in under a year.

Cluster 13
An official has been critical of foreign media’s reporting on political issues in the past.
Iran's state-run media said the crash is suspected to have been caused by mechanical issues.

Cluster 14
A police official said the attacks appeared to be linked but were not "terror-related."
A Russian military intelligence unit linked to assassination attempts in Europe had reportedly offered rewards for successful attacks on U.S. troops last year.
The president of the National Police Federation union said a police officer was among those killed and another was injured.
"This is not a pleasant place to be," firefighters said, urging the public to take caution and heed evacuation advice.

Cluster 15
The Australian comedian's fundraiser for local fire services battling wildfires has set off a global chain reaction.
Pro-Iran protesters gathered outside the U.S. embassy on Wednesday, setting parts of the compound on fire, a day after demonstrators broke into the property.

Cluster 16
Activists in Lebanon blame politicians' corruption and negligence for the blast that killed nearly 160 and left thousands injured.
The clashes in Lebanon took place amid a rapidly worsening financial crisis and an ongoing impasse over the formation of a new government.

Cluster 17
An overnight curfew was ordered Sunday in hopes of stemming a resurgence in coronavirus infections.
It's the second time since March that someone living in the Santa Marta residence has tested positive for the coronavirus.
But the pandemic is still keeping her away from in-person events.
Jahane Sanat had published an interview with an epidemiologist who said Iran's official COVID-19 figures account for only 5% of the real toll.
This the second fire incident at a COVID-19 facility in India this month.
Demonstrators in Germany declared that "the end of the pandemic" is here.
Johnson, who earlier this month spent three nights in intensive care after contracting the coronavirus, plans to head back to work on Monday.
China’s manufacturing has taken a hit in recent weeks as the country has halted some transportation and quarantined residents to contain the virus.
Amid the growing COVID-19 outbreak, Catholic churches in Italy and the Philippines took steps to protect the faithful.
A 61-year-old man contracted the virus during a two-week work trip to Italy, according to Brazil's health ministry.
“We are faced with a watershed moment in the case of the coronavirus,” South Korea's president said earlier this month.
A Japanese man and woman in their 80s, both of whom had underlying health conditions, have died after contracting COVID-19, Japanese officials said.
The patient was an 80-year-old Chinese tourist who authorities say was initially turned away from two French hospitals when he first fell ill.
The World Health Organization has designated the virus "Covid-19."
The semiautonomous territory reported its first coronavirus death this week.
“We have launched a people’s war of prevention of the epidemic," President Xi Jinping said.
Construction crews worked around the clock to build the 1,000-bed hospital in Wuhan, the central city where the outbreak was first detected in December.
A man who traveled to the Philippines from Wuhan died on Saturday, the Philippines Department of Health confirmed.
The virus’ rapid spread in two months prompted the World Health Organization to declare it a global emergency.
“We must all act together now to limit further spread,” said the WHO's director-general of the virus that has already spread to 18 countries outside China.
The virus outbreak has killed 132 people and infected more than 6,000 people in the Chinese mainland and abroad.
The federal disease control agency said it was evaluating 110 people for the new coronavirus in the U.S. China is making increasingly drastic efforts to stop the spread of the virus, which has killed at least 80 and sickened more than 2,700.
China has put Wuhan, a city of 11 million people, on virtual lockdown.
The virus that originated in Wuhan is dimming Lunar New Years celebrations across China.
On the eve of the Lunar New Year, transportation was shut down in at least 10 cities with a total of about 33 million people as China fights the coronavirus.
The decision follows three Chinese cities being placed on lockdown in order to prevent the virus from spreading.
Cases of the infectious respiratory disease have been reported in China, the U.S., Thailand, Japan, Taiwan and South Korea.
Some airports, including three in the U.S., have begun screening airline passengers from central China, where the coronavirus appears to have originated.

Cluster 18
The autocrat ruled Egypt for nearly three decades until explosive protests drove him out of power in 2011.
For Iranians, Soleimani represented a figure of national resilience in the face of four decades of U.S. pressure.

Cluster 19
The head of the Revolutionary Guard's aerospace division said an officer mistook the passenger plane for a cruise missile.
“This is state terrorism,” Zarif said of the killing of Qassem Soleimani, commander of Iran's Revolutionary Guard’s Quds Force.
The alert issued on the websites of the U.S. State Department and the U.S. embassy in Israel did not specifically mention the killing of Qassem Soleimani.

Cluster 20
One person has survived after a Ukrainian military aircraft crashed coming in for a landing in Chuhuiv.
Iran initially denied that a missile downed the Ukrainian airliner for days.

Cluster 21
The number of reported cases has been rising more quickly after the hardest-hit province changed its method of counting them Thursday.

Cluster 22
The World Health Organization warned intensive care units in a number of European cities could reach maximum capacity in the coming weeks.
The information offers the fullest view yet into how Chinese officials decided who to put into and let out of detention camps.
China had reportedly ignored offers of help from the World Health Organization and the CDC until recently.

Cluster 23
The pontiff urged world leaders to “promote cooperation and not competition, and to search for a solution for all.”
The activist urged her supporters to "find new ways to create public awareness & advocate for change that don’t involve too big crowds."

Cluster 24
Iran released a new preliminary report on the crash of the Ukraine International Airways plane, which killed 176 people.
The plane crash killed all 176 people on board, mostly Iranians and Iranian-Canadians.
Ukrainian investigators are also assisting in the probe of the disaster that killed 176 people.

Cluster 25
The British prime minister, who was infected earlier this year, does not currently have symptoms and will keep working from Downing Street, his office said.
The British prime minister and his fiancee Carrie Symonds welcomed Wilfred Lawrie Nicholas Johnson to their family last month.
The island kingdom said Sunday that their Formula One race this month would be held behind closed doors "to preserve the safety" of citizens and racing fans.

Cluster 26
Museum officials reopened the Paris institution after unionized workers agreed to new safety measures.
Sudan's transitional authorities have agreed to surrender all those wanted in connection with the Darfur conflict.

Cluster 27
Hundreds of anti-government demonstrators flooded the streets of Baghdad and Iraq's southern provinces on Sunday.
From Tampa to San Francisco, protesters marched the streets chanting anti-war slogans.

Cluster 28
The U.S. said Tuesday that it had begun its “conditions-based reduction of forces" in the country as part of its February peace deal signed with the Taliban.
An addition to the draft resolution was sought to ensure that women's rights are protected in the deal.
The country has been heavily criticized for its program of detaining Uighur Muslims and other ethnic minorities in "reeducation" camps.
President Ashraf Ghani's comments pointed to the first hitch in implementing the fragile U.S.-Taliban peace deal.
The Cupertino, California-based company said Monday that all of its iPhone manufacturing facilities are outside Hubei province, the epicenter of the outbreak.

Cluster 29
He brokered a historic ceasefire between Iran and Iraq in 1988 and helped to re-establish democracy in his Peruvian homeland.
Bolsonaro used the first year of his presidency to undermine Brazil's democracy.

Cluster 30
Major flooding and widespread power outages have hit the coastal city of Karachi as authorities scramble to evacuate residents.
Health authorities fear the transmission rate will accelerate as hundreds of millions of Chinese travel for the Lunar New Year holidays.

Cluster 31
The 27-nation bloc began administering the first doses to doctors, nurses and the elderly on Sunday.
Officials have warned the volcano, which began erupting on Sunday, could be on the cusp of a much bigger and more dangerous eruption.

Cluster 32
The government’s attempt to recapture opposition stronghold Idlib has triggered a humanitarian catastrophe and the war’s largest single wave of displacement.
The committee will attempt to root all political gestures out of the 2020 Games in Tokyo.

Cluster 33
Ten African countries have no ventilators at all, and necessities like oxygen and masks — and even soap and water — are scarce across the continent.
Panic buying and hoarding are causing short supplies of masks and other protective equipment, putting health care workers' lives at risk.

Cluster 34
“Does that mean I have no value as an African activist?"
No casualties have been reported from the sites of the rocket attacks.
No U.S. casualties or evacuations were reported after the attack Tuesday by dozens of Iran-supported militiamen.

Cluster 35
As scores of koalas battle to recover from Australia's destructive fires, hopeful stories of survivors are emerging.

Cluster 36
The Kremlin critic was sent to Germany while in a coma after drinking what his allies believe was poisoned tea.
“It was irresponsible behavior on my part," the man admitted of the incident, which was caught on a surveillance camera at a museum in Italy.
The teenage climate activist has been immortalized at the Panoptikum wax museum in Hamburg, Germany.
The moment was captured on Kangaroo Island, which one shaken rescuer said has "bodies of charred animals as far as the eye can see.”

Cluster 37
Ousting Venezuelan leader Nicolás Maduro is Trump's dream and NSC official Mauricio Claver-Carone is eager to make it come true.
Crude oil is up nearly 4% as the world waits to see how Iran will retaliate.
His death is a potential turning point in the Middle East and is expected to draw severe retaliation from Iran.

Cluster 38
The request comes after Iraqi lawmakers passed a non-binding resolution to oust U.S. troops following a strike that killed top Iranian general Qassem Soleimani.
The vote comes two days after a U.S. airstrike killed Iranian Gen. Qassem Soleimani inside Iraq, dramatically increasing regional tensions.
Iranian state TV carried a statement by Khamenei also calling Gen. Qassem Soleimani “the international face of resistance.”

Cluster 39
This marks the first known case of the disease in the American military.
More than 100 soldiers have been diagnosed with traumatic brain injuries in the wake of the Jan. 8 missile attack.
The U.N. is calling for an “immediate investigation” by the United States into the incident.
The United States military originally said no service members had been hurt in Iran's Jan. 8 missile attack on the al-Asad and Erbil military bases in Iraq.

Cluster 40
Protests against the country's ruling elite have erupted in Beirut following the massive blast in a Beirut Port warehouse.
Earlier in the day, Lebanese security forces fired tear gas to disperse thousands of demonstrators near the parliament building in Beirut.

Cluster 41
The marches have attracted a mixed crowd of civil rights activists and people who oppose vaccinations, as well as neo-Nazis and members of the far-right.
President Jair Bolsonaro, a close Trump ally, says the media is exaggerating the outbreak, even as it reaches members of his government.
With opposition leader Juan Guaidó in Washington, the administration promised to take even harsher measures against socialist President Nicolás Maduro.

Cluster 42
Friday night's "wolf moon" was snapped by stargazers around the world.

Cluster 43
she asked, after a news organization published a photo of only white activists, including Greta Thunberg.
But he was only getting started.

Cluster 44
Over 6 million Muslims traveled to Saudi Arabia for the Umrah pilgrimage in 2017.

Cluster 45
Braving freezing temperatures, the loincloth-clad men participated in a prosperity rite during the day-long "Hadaka Matsuri" festival.

Cluster 46
Vanessa Springora's “Consent” is also being hailed by child-protection activists as a possible watershed moment for France.
Iran has criticized Britain, France and Germany for failing to salvage the pact by shielding Tehran’s economy from U.S. sanctions, reimposed since 2018.

Cluster 47
The resignations came hours after the president proposed new constitutional amendments to boost parliament's powers.

Cluster 48
Thousands of pounds of carrots and sweet potatoes were airdropped across New South Wales.

Cluster 49
Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman allegedly personally hacked into the phone of the Washington Post owner in 2018, according to media reports.

Cluster 50
French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe offered to withdraw plans to raise the age for access to full pension benefits, hoping to end nationwide labor strikes.

